Kathy.lin/rollup dist (#10782)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/functions/rollup.md

---

`.rollup()`

> .rollup is used to aggregate your metrics data inherently in every metrics query. However, appending the `.rollup()` function at the end of a query allows you to perform custom [time aggregation][1] that overrides our defaults. This function enables you to define:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.rollup()` function is used to aggregate your metrics data inherently in every metrics query. However, appending the `.rollup()` function at the end of a query allows you to perform custom [time aggregation][1] that overrides our defaults. This function enables you to define:
```

* The rollup `<interval>`: the interval of time your data is aggregated over ([if larger than the query-enforced rollup interval](#rollup-interval-enforced-vs-custom)).
* The rollup `<aggregator>`: How your data points are aggregated within a given rollup time interval.

> **Note: The Distribution Metric type does not have a rollup `aggregator` parameter. This metric type is aggregated both in time/space (learn more [here][5]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The Distribution Metric type does not have a rollup `aggregator` parameter. This metric type is aggregated both in time and space (refer to the documentation on [rollup for distributions with percentiles][5] to learn more).
```
